Skip binning prep when no binning/aDNA (#470)
nf-core/mag: CHANGELOG.md

- [#439](https://github.com/nf-core/mag/pull/445) - Fix bug in assembly input (by @prototaxites)
- [#447](https://github.com/nf-core/mag/pull/447) - Remove `default: None` from parameter schema (by @drpatelh)
- [#449](https://github.com/nf-core/mag/pull/447) - Fix results file overwriting in Ancient DNA workflow (reported by @alexhbnr, fix by @jfy133)

> - [#XXX](https://github.com/nf-core/mag/pull/447) - Fix binning preparation from running even when binning was requested to be skipped (reported by @prototaxites, fix by @jfy133)

Author: ```suggestion
- [#470](https://github.com/nf-core/mag/pull/470) - Fix binning preparation from running even when binning was requested to be skipped (reported by @prototaxites, fix by @jfy133)
```
